I'm not 100% happy with how our funds look like. I want to add a filter to change the appearance,
so therefore I'll go to the main.js file because I will create a global filter because I'll use
it in two different places, the header
and the home component and we can create a new filter with vue filter, as we learned. I'll name it currency,
the name is of course totally up to you
and this is a function where we get a value
and then in the body of this function, I want to return the transformed value. The transformed value should
have a dollar sign at the beginning and then it should have value
and then the cool thing is we get this two local string method in javascript which will perform
it to a nice looking digit
basically, depending on which local we're using. Now with this in place, I can already go to my header and
after funds, add this pipe symbol and then currency, the name of the filter we just created and do the same
on the home page,
so currency here, that's all.
If we now have a look, it looks much nicer here
and not really here, why's that? Because I need it to reload.
So it looks nicer here,
if we buy something it of course updates and if we sell this, well of course it works too.
So now we get nicer funds
but one major feature of the app is still missing or at least two features actually, we can't save and
load it
I'll come to this at the very end but the end day button also doesn't work,
we don't randomize our stocks. So that is what I want to do next,
I want to make this end day button work so that we can actually recalculate all stock prices.